# UI Stuff and Things and Stuff
requirements.txt was generated by pipreqs
ui_map and ui_object are currently unused in main, due to changing from QtPy to PyQt5 (closer to native QtCreator)
Currently Class setup:
- ImageOnCanvas is a image displayed on the canvas. Its just a representation of the object, realistically it should only ever carry a link to a heavier object which stores data as position (xy), size, rotation, text description, position description, and any other tags we choose
- ImageWidget is a canvas which holds both mouse interactions, a viewport for displaying images on the canvas, and the canvas itself. This is the "background" of the map. It should be infinite in size (physically capped by 2^63 something, I'm not sure what (whether pixels or another measurement)) I believe that the image size on the canvas and distace is a 1:1 between image pixels and x,y coordinates on the canvas
- MainWindow is the window and drop down UI from the top. It also holds some population functions.  

## TODO
- finish weight function
- add quick display of ImageOnCanvas


### Weight Function
Currently we are able to populate the map using a function. We can have this consume a file, so the real question is how do we correctly populate a function, or text to be read in.


The current details required for a image construction follow like so:
- x, y, scale, rotation, image path
IE:
- ImageOnCanvas(100, 100, 1.0, 45, './test_images/tree.jpg'),


This means if we can construct a file from text such that all our data is displayed in this manner, we have a solution.

The weight algorithm should look at a lot of text and query its way to producing either:
1. Multiple positions of each object, which then it selects the best of for each
2. Multiple combinations of positions for each object

Either way, if we can guarantee each solution performs to some rules (the tree is above the cart -> tree y > cart y, with tree x ~= cart x), we can begin verifying generated solutions.

I'm still reading into this. Fluid simulations seem to be a possible solution, with different topographical maps using heaviest fluid on each topography to solve this.