# Project Constraints

Building and deploying our vision for an AI-Powered Dungeons and Dragons project will be faced with many constraints, and the aim of this essay is to highlight all such constaints that we can imagine, and how they will come into play. From a our team discussion, we have come to a conclusion that we will face time, economic, and diversity/cultural constraints. It must also be noted that there can always be additional constraints that are unforseen or those that we may only uncover by working towards completing our project.

While time may be considered a universal constraint for any project, we believe the way it impacts our project is somewhat distinct from most. The issue is not that we do not or will not have enough time to complete the project; we have already anticipated what to do if in case we find ourselves short of time in way by dividing our project into two potential deliverables. We are constrained by time in the sense that we are working with technology that is seemingly on the "bleeding edge" and how we are able to fulfill our project depends greatly on what is available at that given time. Specifically, new AI models are released everyday, so our choice for what to pick may very well depend on what is available at the time we need to look for AI models for a specific use case. As they develop, so will our project, and as they development lags, our project will be limited as well.

Economic constraints will also play a role in influencing the choices we make for our project. Specifically, if we were to train our own AI models, then we would require computers with vast processing capabilities, and this would come at a "cost". As we are not able to afford such a cost, these economic constraints have compelled us to find other means of pursuing our idea. This means it is in our interest to repurpose pre-existing models to suit our needs. As of now, we don't have any funding, and we find it somewhat difficult to procure any funds for this semester. However, we are optimistic that we can get some funds in the Spring semester. We have eyed on the Innovation Challenge as a means for receiving funds, for example.

I argue that our project also faces diversity/cultural constraints because we feel that our game will still be heavily limited by aspects of the datasets in the AI models we employ. For example, we will probably only be able to offer our video game in the English language because there is some intricate play between the LLM and any image model we use, and we envision that we will probably only be able to engineer this in the english language because of our current understanding of the problem, knowledge of languages, and time. Moreover, the dataset can always be biased towards certain cultures over others. This means that our image models will generate biased imagery, and our LLM will respond is ways that can be considered culturally insenstive or ignorant. Since we previously established that training our own model is unlikely, these are some biases that we will have to live with.

It is important to note that it is not guaranteed nor certain that these are the constraints we will face. It is always likely that there are more of fewer, or misunderstood constraints. However, in any case, we do not want to label these constraints as limiting factors, but as challenges to work around. Our biggest obstacle of course, is picking up the right momentum to complete our project on time as we want it.
